Compact interactive list implementation guide added (#1950)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-framework-docs/src/terra-dev-site/doc/compact-interactive-list/Examples.2/FlowDirection.4.doc.mdx

import VerticalFlow from './VerticalFlow?dev-site-examples';
import HorizontalFlow from './HorizontalFlow?dev-site-examples';

# Flow Direction

### Vertical Flow

By default the items in the [Compact Interactive List](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about) go from top to bottom before breaking into a new visual column.

<VerticalFlow />

#### Usage

> * The list items needs the [_rowHeight_](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#compact-interactive-list-props-table) property to be explicitly set for the vertical flow. If not set by user, the default value will be used.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
* The list items need the [_rowHeight_](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#compact-interactive-list-props-table) property to be explicitly set for the vertical flow. If not set by user, the default value will be used.
```

Author: Great suggestion, and much appreciated, but it looks like all wording and styling comment were outdated per this commit by @cldeitrich: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/62c72c0098e6edb05ec923b22cf997650ac247bf

> * The items will be distributed evenly between all the columns but the last one. The last column will accommodate the reminder after the number of items was divided by number of columns.

Reviewer: Should this be "remainder"?
```suggestion
* The items will be distributed evenly between all the columns but the last one. The last column will accommodate the remainder after the number of items was divided by number of columns.
```

Author: Great suggestion, and much appreciated, but it looks like all wording and styling comment were outdated per this commit by @cldeitrich: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/62c72c0098e6edb05ec923b22cf997650ac247bf

> * Ensure that the number of rows is not divisible by the [numberOfColumns](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#compact-interactive-list-props-table) value minus 1 without a remainder, which leads to an empty last column.

Reviewer 2: This isn't necessarily something a consumer _shouldn't_ do. It's just a kind of weird side effect of how it works.
```suggestion
* Note: If the number of rows is divisible by the [numberOfColumns](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#compact-interactive-list-props-table) value minus 1 without a remainder, the last column will be empty.
```

> * The user must monitor that the number of rows is not divisible by [_numberOfColumns_](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#compact-interactive-list-props-table) - 1 without a reminder, as it will lead to an empty last column.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The user must monitor that the number of rows is not divisible by [_numberOfColumns_](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#compact-interactive-list-props-table) - 1 without a remainder, as it will lead to an empty last column.
```

Author: Great suggestion, and much appreciated, but it looks like all wording and styling comment were outdated per this commit by @cldeitrich: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/62c72c0098e6edb05ec923b22cf997650ac247bf
